Ah Biao's wife taught them what the rules are
OK
Disturbing the mourning hall is wrong
Wrong, right?
Ahhh
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Ahhhhh
It's right to make a mistake if you don't enter the house
Wrong wrong
It's all fucking wrong
Give us a break
Go away
you
Come and help me
Cheng Beixuan, I advise you
Don't think
The Chen family is so easy to do
You wait.
The Jiang family will come to give you some information later
See each other off
What Jiang family?
Even the Jiang family doesn't know
I still want to be the head of the house
Just wait to die
you
Let's go
Old Yellow
Tell me about the Jiang family
The Jiang family secretly colluded with a country's foreign enemies
Back then, the family killed two senior officials of the Jiang family
The Jiang family has been sluggish for several years
Now the Jiang family
Another extremely domineering family has emerged
His name is Jiang Tianying
He broke the family's leg
The young master has a saying that he is not afraid of the king of hell and the master
I am afraid of Jiang Tianye
He is now a foot pedal in Mengzhou
The underground emperor in black and white
Young Master, there are many bargainers all over the country
They played drums and set off firecrackers.
I also made a brand of getting married all over the country
Dignity
How can I fix the leader with that Jiang Tianye?